Add Trino Fest teaser blog post (#447)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2023-05-03-refresh-at-trino-fest.md

you](https://www.starburst.io/info/trinofest). Our Trino Fest theme song is
available for your listening pleasure, and we are reviewing speaker submissions.
The festival is promising to be another great event to learn about lakehouse use
cases with Trino, but we are also featuring some great presentations for
querying data with Trino. And of course, we are still looking for more
presenters, so don't hesitate and [submit your
proposal](https://sessionize.com/trino-fest-2023).

<!--more-->

Before you dive into the technical details of our upcoming conference, lean back
and listen to our theme song. Hopefully you are feeling the summer vibe coming
your way already.

{% youtube 6oN-70jSbF8 %}

Our event host [Starburst](https://www.starburst.io/) is again helping us ensure
that Trino Fest is a venue for Trino beginners and experts to meet, exchange
ideas, and learn from each other. One of the Starburst engineers, [Jan
Waś](https://github.com/nineinchnick), is scheduled to present about his
amazingly low-effort setup to use Trino for analysis and report generation.

Getting closer to the theme of the event "Lakehouse summer camp", we are certain

> to have sessions about Iceberg, Delta Lake, and Hudi usage with Trino. Learn

Reviewer: I think "we are planning on having sessions" instead of "we are certain to have sessions" sounds a little more concrete.

about the latest  developments from these projects and practical tips and tricks
from the user community.

> Real world usage examples include how Salesforce takes advantage of Trino.

Reviewer: We don't have permission from Salesforce PR to publish this info yet.

Author: how sad - oh well.

> In the keynote Martin will speak about the many new features that arrived in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the keynote, Martin Traverso will speak about the many new features that arrived in
```

presenters, so don't hesitate and [submit your
proposal](https://sessionize.com/trino-fest-2023).

<!--more-->

Before you dive into the technical details of our upcoming conference, lean back
and listen to our theme song. Hopefully you are feeling the summer vibe coming
your way already.

{% youtube 6oN-70jSbF8 %}

Our event host [Starburst](https://www.starburst.io/) is again helping us ensure
that Trino Fest is a venue for Trino beginners and experts to meet, exchange
ideas, and learn from each other. One of the Starburst engineers, [Jan
Waś](https://github.com/nineinchnick), is scheduled to present about his
amazingly low-effort setup to use Trino for analysis and report generation.

Getting closer to the theme of the event "Lakehouse summer camp", we are certain
to have sessions about Iceberg, Delta Lake, and Hudi usage with Trino. Learn
about the latest  developments from these projects and practical tips and tricks
from the user community.

Real world usage examples include how Salesforce takes advantage of Trino.

In the keynote Martin will speak about the many new features that arrived in
Trino since Trino Summit last year. This includes the new Apache Ignite

> connector we talked about in the Trino Community Broadcast. At Trino Fest we are
> Trino. Specifically on the client tooling side you can expect to some great

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connector we talked about in the Trino Community Broadcast. 
Specifically on the client tooling side, you can expect to some great
```
I think we can just delete this stub, it makes the paragraph flow weird and doesn't fit in with the rest of what's being said.

Author: Somehow two lines got messed up in terms of order..

going to share some more exciting news about new connectors and integrations for
demos and news from the Python community.

> So what are you waiting for. It is time to register for the event. And if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So what are you waiting for? It's time to register for the event! And if you
```
Let's make the tone here a little more informal
